Update installHomebrew.adoc (#1540)
micronaut-projects/micronaut-starter: src/main/docs/guide/installation/installHomebrew.adoc

[source,bash]
----

> $ brew install micronaut

Reviewer: These are not the same.

Your change will make users install Homebrew's own formula, which we don't have control of, and it's not using the native version.

We have our own cask for that

Author: Ah, okay, thanks! I tested it and couldn't reproduce the actual issue, so I assumed it was my laptop settings. I'll change it, thanks!

Author: I've reverted this change.

----

You can find more information about Homebrew usage on their https://brew.sh/[homepage].

You should now be able to run the Micronaut CLI.

> TIP: If you're getting a warning that `“mn” cannot be opened because the developer cannot be verified.`, click the Apple menu, and select*System Settings*. Then browse to *Privacy & Security*, and scroll down to the *Security* section. There should be a warning that `"mn" was blocked`, with an *Allow Anyway* button. Clicking this button will fix the issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TIP: On macOS you may get a warning message saying that `“mn” cannot be opened because the developer cannot be verified.`. To resolve it, click the Apple menu, and select*System Settings*. Then browse to *Privacy & Security*, and scroll down to the *Security* section. There should be a warning that `"mn" was blocked`, with an *Allow Anyway* button. Clicking this button will fix the issue.

See the [Homebrew documentation](https://docs.brew.sh/FAQ#why-cant-i-open-a-mac-app-from-an-unidentified-developer) for more details about this.
```

You should now be able to run the Micronaut CLI.

TIP: On macOS you may get a warning message saying that `“mn” cannot be opened because the developer cannot be verified.`.
To resolve it, click the Apple menu, and select *System Settings*. Then browse to *Privacy & Security*, and scroll down
to the *Security* section. There should be a warning that `"mn" was blocked`, with an *Allow Anyway* button.
Clicking this button will fix the issue.

> See the [Homebrew documentation](https://docs.brew.sh/FAQ#why-cant-i-open-a-mac-app-from-an-unidentified-developer) for more details about this.

Reviewer: Sorry, I used Cmd+K to add the link, but I keep forgetting that it adds Markdown-style links

```suggestion
See the https://docs.brew.sh/FAQ#why-cant-i-open-a-mac-app-from-an-unidentified-developer[Homebrew documentation] for more details about this.
```

Author: Thanks! I thought about adding a link there or to the github issue, but wasn't sure about it. This works.
